Review on the paper by Dedek

The paper refers on the author's information extraction experiment in the
accident domain.

> 1) Are there new scientific results or ideas or is the review
comprehensive ?

The paper is innovative in the sense of using the linguistic tools
originally developed for PDT in a different context, namely that of
application-oriented information extraction.

> 2) Are the results well described and documented ?

More details about the obtained results should be supplied. First, the
author only mentions the number of matching sentences and the number of
values for node number 5. How about other nodes. Second, at least a rough
estimate of extraction accuracy should be given. Ideally, it should be
compared to some baseline (such as, for the numbers, extracting all
numerals from the text...).

> 3) Are the figures clear and readable (when sized for the publication) ?

They are fine.

> 4) Are all references in the article listed in the reference list ?

It seems so.

> 5) Is the abstract comprehensible, accurate, and summarizes the contents
of the paper ?

Acceptable.

> 6) Does the author give proper credit to related work ?

This is a weaker point. The author should make a solid literature review so
as to find if they have been (which is quite probable) some analogous
approaches in using deeper NLP (such as dependency trees) for information
extraction from English. As the application domain is that of accidents, I
would also perhaps expect a remark on the Message Understanding Conference,
where this kind of domains was notoriously addressed.

> 7) Comments and notices.

'Linguistic annotators' - you use the term 'annotators' for automated
tools, which may be misleading; it is typically used for humans.

An interesting issue is that of semantic interpretation; for example, it is
likely that a real ontology would containt a taxonomy of person and
incident concepts, to which the extracted values would have to be mapped
(i.e. not just carrying over the value of the data property participantType
etc.).

'domain-specific word-net' - I doubt wordnets in the usual sense can be
domain-specific, but I may be wrong in that.

In Fig. 2 the last rectangle should perhaps be labelled 'Semantic data' or
so, as the ontology is not the outcome of the process.

English is readable but could be improved in many places. Note for example
the lacking articles or improper use of comma before 'that'.

In general, I see the paper as acceptable to a student workshop, with minor
corrections as noted above.

